feat: zora sepolia to permissioned fps (#540)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: tasks/sep/zora-002-fp-upgrade/README.md

# Zora Sepolia Permissioned Fault Proofs

Status: READY TO SIGN

## Objective

> The objective of this task is to upgrade Zora Sepolia to Permissioned Fault Proofs at v1.8.0 of the
> OP Stack.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
The objective of this task is to upgrade Zora Sepolia to Permissioned Fault Proofs at contracts version `op-contracts/v1.8.0`.
```
